IBX-5808 - Improve "Enable purchasing products" to remove ambiguity (#2232)
ibexa/documentation-developer: docs/pim/enable_purchasing_products.md

# Enable purchasing products

To enable adding product to cart and purchasing from the catalog, the following configuration is required:

- at least [one region and one currency for the shop](#region-and-currency)

> - [VAT rates per region and for each product type](#vat-rates)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [VAT rates](#vat-rates) per region and for each product type
```

# Enable purchasing products

To enable adding product to cart and purchasing from the catalog, the following configuration is required:

- at least [one region and one currency for the shop](#region-and-currency)
- [VAT rates per region](#vat-rates) and for each product type
- at least one [price](prices.md) for the product
- [availability](products.md#product-availability-and-stock) with positive or infinite stock for the product or product variant

!!! note "Configuring products in the UI"

>     After you configure the region, currency and VAT rates for regions in settings, the store manager must set up the remaining parameters in the UI, such as, for example, [VAT rates per product type]([[= user_doc =]]/pim/create_product_types/#vat), descriptions, attributes, assets, [prices]([[= user_doc =]]/pim/manage_prices/) and [availability]([[= user_doc =]]/pim/manage_availability_and_stock/) per product, and so on.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    After you configure the region, currency and VAT rates for regions in settings, the store manager must set up the remaining parameters in the UI, such as, [VAT rates per product type]([[= user_doc =]]/pim/create_product_types/#vat), descriptions, attributes, assets, [prices]([[= user_doc =]]/pim/manage_prices/) and [availability]([[= user_doc =]]/pim/manage_availability_and_stock/) per product, and so on.
```

                                        not_applicable: true
    ```

Users with sufficient permissions, such as Administrators or Store managers, can then assign VAT rates that apply to every product type in each of the supported regions.

> To do it, in the Back Office, they [open the product type for editing]([[= user_doc =]]/pim/create_product_types/#vat), and navigate to the **VAT rates** area.

Reviewer 2: It's developer documentation, user reading this is probably developer and can get sufficient permissions, please go back to active voice addressing the user as 'you' instead of generic 'them'.

> Users with sufficient permissions, such as Administrators or Store managers, can then assign VAT rates that apply to every product type in each of the supported regions.
> To do it, in the Back Office, they [open the product type for editing]([[= user_doc =]]/pim/create_product_types/#vat), and navigate to the **VAT rates** area.

Author: ```suggestion
You can then assign VAT rates that apply to every product type in each of the supported regions.
To do it, in the Back Office, [open the product type for editing]([[= user_doc =]]/pim/create_product_types/#vat), and navigate to the **VAT rates** area.
```
